Document private sets (#2418)
redwoodjs/redwood: packages/router/README.md

Some pages should only be visible to authenticated users.

> We support this using private `<Set>`s or the `<Private>` component. Read more [further down](#private-set)

Reviewer: - add a period at the end
- also, is it possible to move this up to line 42 so that there's not two paragraphs?
```suggestion
We support this using private `<Set>`s or the `<Private>` component. Read more [further down](#private-set).
```

</MainLayout>
```

### `private` Set

> All `Routes` nested in `<Private>` require authentication.

Reviewer: This should probably come later; a bit of misdirection to title the section "`private` Set", have the first sentence (usually the topic, etc.) be about the `<Private>` component, then talk about Sets in the next paragraph. I'll make a more actionable edit!

> Sets can take a `private` prop which makes all routes inside that set require authentication.  When a user is not authenticated and attempts to visit this route, they will be redirected to the route passed as the `unauthenticated` prop and the originally requested route's path will be added to the query string in a `redirectTo` param. This lets you send the user to the originally requested page once logged in. Additionally you can also specify `role` to be more fine-grained in your access control.

Reviewer: - capitalize components for consistency w/ the rest of the doc
- some contractions 'cause you know me
- phrasal adj
- make this two paragraphs; also, what happens if they don't have the role? the same thing? if so, then we can keep them together (but we should make that explicit)
```suggestion
Sets can take a `private` prop which makes all Routes inside that Set require authentication. When a user isn't authenticated and attempts to visit one of the Routes in the private Set, they'll be redirected to the Route passed as the Set's `unauthenticated` prop. The originally-requested Route's path is added to the query string as a `redirectTo` param. This lets you send the user to the page they originally requested once they're logged-in. 

Additionally you can also specify `role` to be more fine-grained in your access control.
```

This is an example of how you'd use a private set:

```jsx
// Routes.js
<Router>
  <Route path="/" page={HomePage} name="home" />
  <Set private unauthenticated="home">
    <Route path="/admin" page={AdminPage} name="admin" />
  </Set>
</Router>
```

> Private routes are important, and should be easy to spot in your routes file. The larger your routes file gets, the more difficult it will probably become to find `<Set private /*...*/>` among your other sets. So we also provide a `<Private>` component that's just an alias for `<Set private /*...*/>`. Most of our documentation will use `<Private>`.

Reviewer: - rm comma (no particular reason, just already a short sentence; the thoughts are related)
- present tense here
```suggestion
Private routes are important and should be easy to spot in your Routes file. The larger your Routes file gets, the more difficult it will probably become to find `<Set private /*...*/>` among your other Sets. So we also provide a `<Private>` component that's just an alias for `<Set private /*...*/>`. Most of our documentation uses `<Private>`.
```
